This item is made possible by
deltion college and aj qmedia
barto well played cambuur
Virgil nothing but to might of
combine with of the stitch no yes choose
for this shot on goal
that is at least a long shot
with conviction of martijn barto here
is immediately the counter of pack there is on
waited in zwolle
look-o-look okey the ball is still you
the transfer line the answer no and
so the chance for bunch of bunches with the
sham was bewitched
through the inside of the pole it is one
eye on the swollen
cambuur is the team that makes the game
pec zwolle first team that responds
is watching the counter
must be on the edges that you come
Eventually , chances will drost through
the inside of the pole a whole
limited
jodi look copy drost
holding was a violation of el
makrini on the edge of it
penalty area
so there must be a free kick for the
home team in a very interesting place
van der werff behind the shore with still fat
ten minutes in first half heart says
so what a van der werff cone
the central defender and it says
just clothes or a big smile
at ron jans the audience is very enthusiastic
what you pull is not playing
great in the first 35 minutes
then regular 2 0 for what a pressure of
maikel van der werff
marco does adopted with the create then
does it once is there for
cambuur choice option 6
minutes before rest to give something back
van der werf
that goes drost
customized basis first comfort eagle no
and then you actually count
rescue well from nienhuis danger yet
not gone
saymak bet drost
and another good reflex from
house lex 100 is close to 3 0 response
just fine
not out
lukoki new opponent for the pokey
and his heart in the second pole mission
that way
the goal of Ryan Thomas
a chance not to be missed here
get thomas no see this is the
decision in the competition
this can no longer be so pec zwolle after something
more than an hour
drost of talking
no see ask here is more see
under it then so much drama
that the four must be for pack
actually sees no through thomas and
then the possibility for brahma die
he scores so often
going cloth is also here again
full speed which nothing remains
nevertheless the chance
h
tags are staying in great opportunity
to miss
first change at pec zwolle no
we are not going to see tonight cheer like
purpose
there is being replaced by stef nijland
he has had plenty of opportunities and now he is allowed
the netherlands show it again
how big it does not really count as a
penalty kick
because the Netherlands is being held in
the penalty area and then there is
still a lot for reijnen
the penalty shootout this season, in
flew at pec were made by no
sees now allowed to do the Netherlands and that
he does jew
4 0
full conviction against the language
no offside for baking on
the region for the purpose that comes
If you go through Ros Hill here is rock
hill and until it does it is possible now
something back via substitute rosheuvel
there is no shortage of goals
slack when swollen and pink
help to benefit from it
suit is not tailored for you also
dutch well played are jokes
again seen lukoki at full speed
make it now but I myself also out luke
inside you don't do it
that remains his problem
atmosphere in the rankings was six six points
between Cambuur packing for tonight
That dispute therefore goes 9 points
doing good business on the street
playoffs here is my country for it
second it is a second
a zwolle's fifth 5 in a strong
substitute for the top scorer who is now ten
has scored once and this season
double digit or stef nijland
This is the Netherlands The Netherlands of fresh
what an angry voice the netherlands and what 's in it
Voorburg what he made just three
tonight
cambuur has previously been head of the
Dressing room if they still have the Netherlands
thinks he sees is not what
for its purpose is in an unparalleled
goal van says he lands
an equal of the largest
victory in the premier league tex full
wins 6 rounds from cambuur to entire
good business in the battle for a place
in the world
the joy is great and he is bad
been important with his raid
a forklift that prevailed in his
career